clean up (#13)
demhademha/tweak-development-guide: chapter-5.md

# Chapter 5 - Setting up the compiler
By the end of this lesson, you will have a working c compiler.
## Before begining, unc0ver users and checkra1n users (not odysseyra1n users) follow the following steps:
1. SSH into your idevice as root
2. Type `apt update && apt install -y sudo && chmod 0440 /etc/sudoers && visudo /etc/sudoers`

> 3. At the end of the opened text file you see this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. At the end of the opened text file you will see the following:
```
